Update release notes with dependencies and enhance Windows named pipe… (#4539)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/release_notes/inspec.md

- Updated `aws-partitions` to `~> 1.992.0`. (train-aws [#588](https://github.com/inspec/train-aws/pull/588))
- Updated `aws-sdk-core` to `~> 3.234.0`. (train-aws [#588](https://github.com/inspec/train-aws/pull/588))
- Pinned `connection_pool` to `>= 2.5`, `< 3.0`. ([#7703](https://github.com/inspec/inspec/pull/7703))

> - Enhanced Windows named pipe security by enforcing strict ownership validation before connection. (train [#818](https://github.com/inspec/train/pull/818))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We improved InSpec security on Windows by preventing someone from escalating privileges with an insecure named pipe by enforcing strict ownership validation with Train before connection. (train [#818](https://github.com/inspec/train/pull/818))
```
